Option to skip drawing wire labels (#6410)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * Added `show_wire_labels` option to `tape_text` and `tape_mpl`, which hides wire labels when set to `False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `show_wire_labels` option to `draw` and `draw_mpl`, which hides wire labels when set to `False`.
```

Author: If it's just for that single change, can we squeeze that in elsewhere conveniently? Rerunning CI for it might be worth skipping :D
